Is my invitation real or not?
It's not your turn to judge
A stinky loser like you
I just like to pretend
Even I, the richest man in Sioux
It can only rely on the relationship between ancestors and armed habits
Come to this meeting
What the hell are you bragging here?
Young Master Qin, this Qin Tie was given by Daoist Sun
Can there be fakes?
Daoist Sun is armed and used to invading disciples
How could you give this stinky dick?
Qiongtian
12 You are less than this poor loser to give me Qi's family
Shame on me, I don't have it, mom
Needless to say.
I spent money to let your sisters run last time.
And let Zhang Shoucheng play tricks on me
This time this stinky loser broke into the party again
Now unless he kneels down and calls me daddy
Otherwise, I will only kneel down for you if I die
This is outrageous.
Dog courage is not small
Not to mention!
It was you who knelt down and forgave me
Damn it
How can there be chaos at the Ascension Conference?
Qin Shao
Are you crazy?
It's actually a fairy boy from an armed tank
Breeze Fairchild
This Zhang Shoucheng
He forged invitations and broke into the party
I did it to stop him
Yes, yes, yes.
This Zhang Shoucheng not only broke into the banquet
And plotted against my daughter
It's actually a villain who broke into the party
Somebody break his leg and throw him out